YubiKey NEO Manager
-------------------
Tool for managing your YubiKey NEO configuration.

Dependencies
------------
YubiKey NEO Manager requires PySide, libykneomgr and libykpers-1.

Running tests
-------------
Tests can be run using the "nosetests" command, from the python-nose package.
Anternatively "python setup.py test" can be used, but this will cause PySide
to be compiled from source, requiring the python-dev package.

Building binaries
-----------------
Binaries for Windows and OSX are built using PyInstaller.

Windows:
For Windows you will need python, PySide, PyInstaller and Pywin32 installed
(32 or 64-bit versions depending on the architecture of the binary your are
building).

Clone the git repository and checkout the desired release tag (or branch):

  git clone https://github.com/Yubico/yubikey-neo-manager.git
  cd yubikey-neo-manager

Copy any required DLL files into a "lib" subdirectory, which you will need
to manually create.

To sign the executable, copy the pfx file to neoman.pfx and place it in the
root of the project folder. You will need signtool.exe (from the Windows
SDK) either copied into the root as well or in a location in your PATH.

Run "pyinstaller.exe neoman.spec" from the main project folder.

With NSIS installed, a Windows installer will be built as well.

OSX:
For OSX you need python, pyside and pyinstaller installed. One way to install
these dependencies is by using Homebrew:

  brew install python
  brew install pyside
  pip install PyInstaller

Clone the git repository and checkout the desired release tag (or branch):

  git clone https://github.com/Yubico/yubikey-neo-manager.git
  cd yubikey-neo-manager

Copy any required dylib files into a "lib" subdirectory, which you will need
to manually create.

Run "pyinstaller neoman.spec" from the main project directory. This will create
an .app in the dist directory.
There is also a project file for use with Packages
(http://s.sudre.free.fr/Packaging.html) located at resources/neoman.pkgproj.
This can be used to create an installer for distribution, though you may want
to sign the build prior to this using signtool.
